"Ashish Shinde E-mail:ashish14765@gmail.com Mobile No:9665514765 Date of Birth: 11 June 1998 Experience: Fresher Professional Objective To build my career in an organization where I can contribute for the betterment of the society and excel by continuous learning. To become an expert in chosen areas and also expand my knowledge and skills and share knowledge with everyone and create a good competitive environment. To work dedicatedly for uplifting the benefits of the company and myself. Course Institute Passing Year Average Elementary Army Public School Kirkee 2014 7.6CGPA Intermediate Army Public School Kirkee 2016 54 % Bachelor's of Engineering in Electronics and TelecommunicationsEngineering Pimpri Chinchwad college of Engineering Pune Currently in finall year - Technology overview: I have extensive knowledge in front end frameworks like reactjs,i have expertise in backend development ,have sufficient knowledge on technology like cloud (aws,azure), security, linux and have good knowledge on programming fundamentals, clean architecturing. Technical Skills Language Javascript,Typescript,Python, Java,shell,HTML,CSS Technology Node.js, java, spring boot, linux,aws, azure, nginx. Version Control System Git CSS Preprocessor Sass,scss Database MongoDB , MySql, MS SQL, PostgreSQL Frameworks and libraries Express.js Operating System Linux and Windows Why me ? I have an exceptional passion for science and technology, I am a constant learner and enjoy learning and creating new things that can serve for the betterment of other living beings. I am a problem solver if you have a technical problem, rest assured it will be solved no matter how hard it is (this is my advantage for your company and this is my never give up attitude) . I have plenty of experience in green field projects and an unmatchable understanding of product design and user experience(this quality is great for startups,as an entrepreneur I can give very valuable insights in both business and technical perspectives). Projects: Project 0: Project Name : How to impress girls quotes( Android application ) Duration : 1 day Project Details :It is a simple android application that i created to test my marketing skills has thousands of quotes and has over 10k+ downloads and a rating of 4.8 on google play store. Technologies Used: Angular, Node.js, Express.js, mongoDB. Project 1: Project Name : News Scrapper Duration : 1 month Project Details :It is an online mobile responsive web application for scraping news from other websites. Role and Responsibilities: I have worked as a Mean Stack developer. Designed the frontend I in angular using bootstrap for responsiveness and utilizing angular material for better performance. Developed Backend API's using node.js with express.js. Created scraping logic by utilizing cheerio library based on core jQuery and used MongoDB for data Persistence using the mongoose driver also created POC's using beautiful soup(python) and puppeteer(headless chrome). Technologies Used:Angular, Node.js, Express.js, mongoDB, cheerio, beautiful soup4, puppeteer. Project 2: Project Name : Inventory Management Duration : 6 months Project Details :It is a multi tenant Sass based application for medical inventory management . Multiple user access levels. Achieved multi-tenancy using hikariCP, implemented spring security and used oauth2 implementation for authentication and authorization. Role and Responsibilities: I have worked as Full stack developer Designed the frontend I in angular using bootstrap for responsiveness and utilizing angular material for better performance. Developed Backend API's using spring boot, used oauth2 and jwt for security . Used MS SQL server 2017 for data Persistence using the hikariCP for multi tenant database structure,used mail API for sending mails,created auditing using spring auditing,used liquibase for database initialization and migration, unit testing using junit/mochito/power-mochito. Technologies Used: HTML, CSS, Javascript,Bootstrap,Angular 2+,JWT,MS SQL,liquibase,spring boot,oauth2. "